Create lightweight sample (#131)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: samples/lightweight-component/README.md

# Lightweight python components example

> This notebook demonstrates how to compile and execute the pipeline using simple python functions, also known as creating pipeline through lightweight. This notebook is originated from the kubeflow pipeline's [lighweight-component](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/tree/master/samples/core/lightweight_component) example that is running on Kubeflow 0.7. We have modified this notebook to run with Kubeflow 1.x's user namespace separation with Tekton support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook demonstrates how to compile and execute the pipeline using simple python functions, also known as creating pipeline through lightweight. This notebook is originated from the kubeflow pipeline's [lighweight-component](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/tree/master/samples/core/lightweight_component) example that is running with the KFP API. We have modified this notebook to run with the Tekton compiler and submit the pipeline directly to the Tekton engine.
```

Author: thanks, done.

This pipeline contains these steps, it creates `add` and `my_divmod` functions, converts to Kubeflow pipeline operation, defines the pipeline with hard coded parameters, and runs the pipeline on Tekton. You can see the detail about the pipeline at [Build Lightweight Python Components](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/lightweight-python-components/)

## Prerequisites
- Install [Kubeflow 1.0.2+](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/getting-started/) and connect the cluster to the current shell with `kubectl`
- Install [kfp-tekton](/sdk/README.md#steps) SDK

> 

Reviewer: I think they also need jupyter and other dependencies for the notebook. Can you create a fresh virtual env and make sure we install all the necessary dependencies for this notebook?

Author: I create a new environment, and the notebook can run successfully. I will add the jupyter here.
